README.markdown, before:

Wordpress Theme Milly
---------------------
The Current  mattrude.com theme, with custom post-types & custom taxonomy.

Change Log
----------

**Version 1.7-devel - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits**

 * Disable the Sharedaddy function part of the [Jetpack](http://jetpack.me/) plugin, on ALL images. [1bbab5a](https://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commit/1bbab5a8e0d15ef325096355fbc851a922b8ce18)
 * Added dashboard custom image header function
 * Rewrite of Header Navigation Menu functions
 * Added footnote function
 * UI clean up


**Version 1.6 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.6**

 * Added Twitter post-type Widget
 * Added Top Naviation Custom Menu
 * Use WordPress internal functions for EXIF data.
 * Added Twitter Custom Post Type UI
 * Added Footer Widget Area
   * Added new widget Footer Text
   * Added new widget Random Footer Image


**Version 1.5 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.5**

 * Added Twiter Custom Post Type.
 * Added function to convert all posts in category "Tweets" to, Custome Post Type "Twitter"
   * Added Page Temeplate for displaying Custom Post Type Twitter
   * Added Twitter settings to Milly Options page.
 * Added Naviagtion Menu Support from WordPress 3.0
   * Auto create "Top Navigation Menu" & "Side Navigation Menu".
   * Added Drop down cabiblity to top Naviagtion Menu.
 * Added "Google Webmaster Tools" functions to Theme
 * Changed to Google Analytics asinc code
 * Upgraded to version 0.7 of the Random Image Block widget


**Version 1.4 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.4**

 * Green! with a new header image of the cabin
  * Background color = 596852
  * Border color = 3d4f43
  * Font main color = 985c35
  * Font header/footer = same as background
 * Added native random gallery widget
 * Added native EXIF function


**Version 1.3 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.3**

 * Added Random Image Widget
 * Added Rebuild Image functions


**Version 1.1 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.1**

 * Google Analytics Support (analytics.google.com)
 * Lightbox 2 support (www.huddletogether.com/projects/lightbox2)
 * Category Exclusion (Main, RSS, Archive)
 * Native Gallery Support
 * Customisable Footer
 * Customisable rotbots.txt
 * CCS styling for Wickett Twitter plugin
 * Licenced under the GPLv2


Wanted Features/Bugs
--------------------
 * W3 compliance
 * Auto set rel=lightbox for images when lightbox support is enabled


Options still needed in the Control Panel
-----------------------------------------
 * Customisable fav-icon


Known Bugs
----------
 * None

Commit message:

Added GPLv2 License to Readme file.

README.markdown, after:

Wordpress Theme Milly
---------------------
The Current  mattrude.com theme, with custom post-types & custom taxonomy.

Change Log
----------

**Version 1.7-devel - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits**

 * Disable the Sharedaddy function part of the [Jetpack](http://jetpack.me/) plugin, on ALL images. [1bbab5a](https://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commit/1bbab5a8e0d15ef325096355fbc851a922b8ce18)
 * Added dashboard custom image header function
 * Rewrite of Header Navigation Menu functions
 * Added footnote function
 * UI clean up


**Version 1.6 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.6**

 * Added Twitter post-type Widget
 * Added Top Naviation Custom Menu
 * Use WordPress internal functions for EXIF data.
 * Added Twitter Custom Post Type UI
 * Added Footer Widget Area
   * Added new widget Footer Text
   * Added new widget Random Footer Image


**Version 1.5 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.5**

 * Added Twiter Custom Post Type.
 * Added function to convert all posts in category "Tweets" to, Custome Post Type "Twitter"
   * Added Page Temeplate for displaying Custom Post Type Twitter
   * Added Twitter settings to Milly Options page.
 * Added Naviagtion Menu Support from WordPress 3.0
   * Auto create "Top Navigation Menu" & "Side Navigation Menu".
   * Added Drop down cabiblity to top Naviagtion Menu.
 * Added "Google Webmaster Tools" functions to Theme
 * Changed to Google Analytics asinc code
 * Upgraded to version 0.7 of the Random Image Block widget


**Version 1.4 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.4**

 * Green! with a new header image of the cabin
  * Background color = 596852
  * Border color = 3d4f43
  * Font main color = 985c35
  * Font header/footer = same as background
 * Added native random gallery widget
 * Added native EXIF function


**Version 1.3 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.3**

 * Added Random Image Widget
 * Added Rebuild Image functions


**Version 1.1 - http://github.com/mattrude/wp-theme-milly/commits/1.1**

 * Google Analytics Support (analytics.google.com)
 * Lightbox 2 support (www.huddletogether.com/projects/lightbox2)
 * Category Exclusion (Main, RSS, Archive)
 * Native Gallery Support
 * Customisable Footer
 * Customisable rotbots.txt
 * CCS styling for Wickett Twitter plugin
 * Licenced under the GPLv2


Wanted Features/Bugs
--------------------
 * W3 compliance
 * Auto set rel=lightbox for images when lightbox support is enabled


Options still needed in the Control Panel
-----------------------------------------
 * Customisable fav-icon

License
-------
Milly is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation (http://www.fsf.org/).

                  GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                     Version 2, June 1991
    
    Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
    51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
    of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Known Bugs
----------
 * None
